The emanation of the great master, Sangiichi, the 25th disciple of the Mipham Rinpoche,
or one of the foremost disciple of the Mipham Rinpoche, 9th foremost disciple,
or the heart student of the Mipham Rinpoche.
Thus, in the teaching, Orpin said, he was also the emanation of the magicians.
And both ways, he was one of the great masters.
That is, in a way, and it is very useful, a scriptural, scriptural sport,
a teaching sport that this master is speaking, because it was identified, recognized,
predicted in the teaching, therefore he is good.
And who predicted it? This was renowned as Mirpam Sambo, predicted it many times.
Seid Nupisheen Durba, Mopamcho, the reincarnation of the Nanachi Sadiichi,
the named Muhan, who will dispel all the like foreign invaders in the Tibet
and will have saved heaven to practices. That's what the teaching said.
In the teaching, it is true, because when you look at time frames of the Tibet,
the Tibetans are invaded by foreigners, interrupted completely, harping peace and living standards,
as we know.
That happened about 60 years before, 60 years before, in a way, about that.
So in the minute teaching, master, you see, many of those great masters came around that time,
such as Muhan Rinpoche's, First Muhan, First Chinsi.
And through their blessing, the power, the invasions of the foreign,
the disturbance of the practice prevented at least over 60 years.
Then you can read also the colophons of the great masters,
many prayers of the colophons of the great master, First Chinsi.
Always he is concerned, worrying about the invaders, debating, going to interrupt this.
The master, young Muhun, the great young Muhun, do pray, do this prayer, do that prayer.
You must be important, as he encouraged that.
And Muhan Rinpoche himself, too, did this.
So therefore, he was one of the great masters,
the prayer detected by the guru Muhan Rinpoche.
Then not just the prayer detected that, but what he was, Muhan Rinpoche.
That is a big monument. The Muhan Rinpoche is not only a person.
Because Muhan Rinpoche didn't really go in the academic schools, as many others does,
to learn all the science, five different sciences, the knowledge.
He didn't really go for so. He just received transmissions, blessings, only that,
but didn't already start about that.
But his knowledge is infinite. It's deep and infinite.
And all the entire Buddha teaching, all that, there's beautiful stories, one time.
He is meditating at the Neda Chantu, which is the Isrit Veda, practices.
And one day he asked his attendants,
"Could you bring the entire Kadyam that I like to read and I should know?"
And these attendants are bringing the Kadyam,
that means over 100 volumes of the text that he is bringing.
And Muhan Rinpoche is in a permanent cave. He is reading that.
But he is reading, the way he is reading, he is just looking forward very roughly,
and then he is wrapping up that, you know, the Kadyam text.
It's like this. You know. The Kadyam text is like this.
So then he is kind of opening and looking forward a little bit,
and then wrapping up and he is standing back.
Over 100 volumes like this.
Then around maybe 60 volumes something, this student asked tomorrow,
"What are you doing?" He said, "What are you doing?"
Because he said, "I mean, it looks like you are not really looking or reading.
I thought you were going to read and at least read those books through this
and then just go by one after another, slowly by slowly."
He said, "I am reading. I know all the meanings.
Every word I don't remember, all the warnings, all that.
But meaning of this all, I know. You can ask me. You can tell me.
You can read and ask me all."
And this is true, that this student asked, and he knew all the meanings.
Even he said the warnings are maybe not he remembered.
But many warnings are remembered from all.
Memorial body wrote all those books and teachings.
There is already two volumes.
It not just went through the research and went to the library and copied that as many of us does.
It just wrote.
So that tells the knowledge of the Memorial Memorial,
which is deep and infinite and sharp and clear.
Clear.
Not just only the Buddha's teachings, the medicines and the grammars,
the language of Sanskrit's and the geometries,
the chemistries, alchemists, all that he knew.
He wrote those books and all different asteroids and so forth.
So therefore, this is the great Master Memorial,
which is one of the great Master's scholars in the Buddhist historians.
Then the realization level is very highly realization.
It's not just academic level, his great scholars.
But realization, because his reincarnation of the Sanghi-Yeshi
and emanation of the great Manjushri, Vastama Buddha Manjushri.
Therefore, his wisdom is so powerful and the realization is so true.
And a powerful ability is just.
And also in the way he said, in the teaching, that when he wrote those books,
he's not spending writing time all the time, all day.
In the teaching, the life story, many great Masters used to say,
so that he writes those only between the period of the practices.
Otherwise, it's a bad practice all the time.
But during the lunch breaks, some breaks he just writes, and then he leaves.
Next, he starts, he starts.
Even if you don't look to the reference, the way he starts, the way he did this.
This means he has photographic memories in his mind, or his brain, in his heart,
that he writes.
This is the great Master.
You can read those life stories in other books.
So I'm just highlighting this.
This is the great Master, that he is the rival of these also particular teachings.
So therefore, he is.
Therefore, always in the Nalanda monastery, this writer is authentic.
This writer is perfect.
Therefore, we don't need to be doubt and hesitate.
We can accept with joy, confidence, happy, and observe with this.
Every words and meaning in our heart and mind.
That's what he says.
And that's the reason who wrote this teaching, or who wrote these books.
Second, then, where this teaching belongs with the categories,
whether it's for example roughly say, this belongs with the sutra,
or this belongs with that section.
So what is teaching?
Now, we're going to go into pinpoint, deep energy.